[taken back]
We made it out safely.
Does this mean we're really
back?
Yeah. I wonder just how
far off course we've wandered.
Anyway, I'm happy you're okay,
Cho-Cho!
Wait, what do you mean?
You know, come to think of it,
my shoulders do feel sort of
heavy.
And my memory is kinda
spotty here and there....
Well, it might be better if you
don't actually remember.
What is it? Come on, tell me! I
wanna know, you guys!
[uncomfortable chuckle]
Uh, Boruto...?
Now we know. Mitsuki isn't a
traitor after all.
We gotta meet up and talk to
him. As soon as we can!
Uh?
So is it true that he's regained
consciousness?
Yes.
Can we... talk to him a bit?
Go ahead. Just don't take too
long.
(Naruto) Okay. Got it.
[waking up]
So how are you feeling?
Well, I'm managing.
I'm sorry. I know that it must
be hard to talk right now. But
please, we need to know...
Who was it that took Mitsuki?
Can you tell us?
Thinking back, I can't say I
know their identities... But
they were...
...two shinobi...
...hailing from the Hidden
Stone.
[gasps]
What were they talking about?
I'm pretty sure...
...they asked Mitsuki to
come to the Land of Earth with
them.
[gasps]
Then after that, some other
person that seemed like a puppet
came...
And they took Mitsuki away.
"Towards the setting
moon..."
So that must mean the Hidden
Stone.
It's imperative we notify the
Tracking Unit right now...
that they're headed for the
Land of Earth.
You're right.
And thank you.
I was right all along. Mitsuki
isn't a traitor, and he never
was.
M-hm.
We can't really be sure about
that yet.
[gasps]
From my viewpoint, it's possible
Mitsuki could've gone with the
Hidden Stone shinobi willingly.
Even if he did, I'm sure
he had a reason to do it!
Or he wouldn't have left his
snake behind like that.
And besides, in the snake's
memory, those guys said the
answer Mitsuki seeks...
is in the Land of Earth.
I'm sure Mitsuki just went with
them to find that answer.
And if that is the case, even
if I gotta enter the Land of
Earth...
I'm not gonna go back till I see
Mitsuki!
Aw, man, what a drag!
If that's the way it is, I have
a plan.
Cho-Cho, Inojin... You'll go
back to the village for now.
Huh?!
But we've always stuck
together through all the tough
times, haven't we?! Right?!
I really don't get why we have
to do this!
That's right! I don't like
this! It feels like you're
ordering us off the battlefield!
You're wrong.
Uh?
As things stand, we won't be
able to get to Mitsuki before he
crosses into the Land of Earth.
And that's why we have to let
the village know there's a
chance Mitsuki's innocent.
Hey, it's not a "chance!"
Mitsuki is innocent!
Look, just stay calm, all right?
Shouldn't we tell the village
before Mitsuki crosses into the
Land of Earth?
While he's thought to be a
criminal?
Yeah, but-!
Just hear me out. Moegi Sensei
should be back at the village by
now.
Once our dads know what's going
on, they'll take action.
They'll come and get us.
And Mitsuki, too. It'll be easy
for 'em.
The fact that they haven't done
so already just means...
Hmm.
You think that they're...
waiting to see what happens out
here?
Yeah, probably... That's exactly
the reason why we have to notify
the village about Mitsuki.
And the two of you guys are the
perfect ones to handle that job!
Oh, I see now. I got it.
Well, okay! I am the type of
woman that just can't refuse
when...
someone is depending on me as
much as that.
I'm sorry, Sarada. Guess I
won't be able to go with you
after all.
Don't be. It's okay. Besides,
I totally agree with Shikadai.
Now that's all decided, we'd
better hurry.
I'm counting on you.
You guys be careful.
That's supposed to be my line to
you, Sarada. [chuckles]
[chuckles]
Promise me you're gonna convince
them that Mitsuki's innocent.
Just leave it to us!
Yeah, all right!
(Naruto) And how's Yurito doing?
We were able to save his life,
but...
If only I'd realized sooner...
[sighs]
It seems the explosion occurred
right when the genjutsu Yurito
was under was released.
What kind of jutsu was it?
Detonating Clay.
[gasps]
The Forbidden Jutsu of the
Hidden Stone.
They must've used the genjutsu
to control Yurito and obtain
intel on Mitsuki...
They've probably been digging
for highly classified intel for
a long time now...
Seems so...
And it looks like because of
their efforts, they've managed
to dig really deep.
But there's something bothering
me.
And what is that?
If they took this much time in
order to get Mitsuki away from
the village...
...just what exactly is their
end goal?
Would you like me
to look into it?
(Naruto) No.
Uh?
We know that the Hidden Stone
shinobi are our enemy.
So now we're gonna have to go
with a frontal attack.
Once we cross this wasteland,
we'll be in the Land of Earth.
Hm?
Hey, look!
What's that a drawing of?
It's my house!
Hm.
Hey...! Once you enter the Land
of Earth...
It'll mean that you've
officially betrayed the Hidden
Leaf, Mitsuki!
I wonder... what does betrayal
feel like?
[gasps]
Humans have all sorts of
feelings that I wouldn't
understand, right?
It's all so
mysterious.
Isn't it? Isn't it?
(Kokuyou) How trivial...
Huh? You don't agree, Kokuyou?
It's time for you to shut up,
Sekiei...
We're already late.
Let's go.
Did you mess up, Kirara?
Kokuyou and Sekiei are late,
after all. So is that... your
fault?
Shut up! They're not all fools
over on that side, you know!
Anyway, I got rid of the Leaf
Trackers on the way, so that
evens it all out, right?
You don't need to make excuses
to me. It's up to Lord Ku to
make that judgment.
[grunts] Uh?
Lord Ku! How do you do? Um...
Don't be worried. We still have
time.
That's right. Once
Orochimaru's experiment finally
arrives...
everything will work out just
fine.
Soon my long-cherished wish will
come true...
Huh?!
Someone's there!
Wait what?!
Hey, those guys look like our
jonin.
But something's weird.
Hmph!
Huh?
Wha- what happened to them?!
So... what do we do?
Uhh.
[heavy breathing]
[grunts]
It's better for you to die
here... than to struggle so
disgracefully to live.
[gasps]
You're so merciless, aren't you,
Kokuyou?
Well... he probably couldn't
return to the Land of Earth
anyway.
But what was that creature?
They're called Akuta.
Akuta, huh?
They're created by a Forbidden
Jutsu from the Land of Earth.
That one just now had reached
the end of his life.
The end...?
I explained it before, didn't I?
That we were created by Lord Ku.
We aren't able to live as long
as humans do.
Hm.
But! There's one thing that
will allow us to live in just
the same way as humans!
It's you!
Uh?
Yeah! Lord Ku thinks you're-
That's enough, Sekiei.
What now?!
Don't tell him anything else.
What's the big deal? There's
nothing wrong with telling him!
Don't. We simply can't trust
him.
Oh well, I'll tell you more some
other time.
Yes, I'd like to know. Please
do.
You know what? I've really
taken quite a liking to you!
[taken back]
This is what humans do when they
see eye-to-eye, right?
[taken back] Uh.
[chuckles]
(KOKUYOU) Let's go.
Hm?
(Boruto) What is this?
Well it hasn't been
here long...
Was there a little kid out here
or something?
Well, it definitely looks like a
kid drew it.
[chuckles] Then again, your
drawings don't look that much
better...
Hey, c'mon! You know that isn't
true! My drawings are just-
Enough.
Hm?
We can't actually know for sure
who drew that.
But we do know that they passed
through here shortly before us.
Maybe we'll be able to find some
kind of clue...
The border's up ahead. We have
to stop them before they cross
it.
Yeah, you're right.
After all, we've come this far.
That's true.
I'm gonna see Mitsuki no matter
what!
Huh?
Mirai!
I heard all about Mitsuki.
Oh. Yeah. It seems the guards
at the gate were attacked by
Hidden Stone shinobi.
No, I wasn't talking about that.
I meant Mitsuki being
Orochimaru's son.
Hm.
I gotta say, I was shocked.
I mean, Orochimaru's our
enemy, right?
(Mirai) He killed our grandpa...
I know it all happened before I
was born and I only heard it
from my mom...
But even so, Orochimaru tried to
destroy the Hidden Leaf
Village...
That's right. But our
grandfather protected it, though
he had to give his life to do
so.
Sealing Jutsu: Reaper Death
Seal!
[sinister chuckle]
Yours is an obsession... This
need to drown yourself in
Jutsu...
And for this transgression you
shall be punished!
I shall take away all the jutsu
you hold so dear!
Impossible... You wouldn't
dare!?!
(Konohamaru) The Third Hokage,
Hiruzen Sarutobi...
...respected by everyone in the
village...
An amazing shinobi...
So do you hate Mitsuki now?
Hm.
Since he's the son of Orochimaru
who did that to our grandpa...
I don't! I consider Mitsuki to
be a crucial member of Team
7...
...just like Boruto and Sarada.
But...
Hm?
Being here, doing nothing at
all... puts useless thoughts
in my head.
That's all.
Kurotsuchi...
What's up? It's unusual for
you to call me like this.
I'd like to ask you something.
As Hokage to Tsuchikage...
(Kurotsuchi) So formal! What is
it?
Well...
The day after the Five Kage
Summit, a guard at our gate
was attacked.
(Kurotsuchi) C'mon! First, the
incident during the Chunin Exams
and now this!
What's going on in the Leaf?!
[chuckles] Please, don't go
there, all right?
(Kurotsuchi) Go on...
For quite a while somebody was
using genjutsu to control one of
our shinobi.
And not only that... Using the
intel they managed to obtain...
(Naruto) ...they took one of our
genin and ran off with him.
Oh? Not that long ago, this kind
of thing was relatively
commonplace.
But these days, it's quite rare.
All right, so, which village is
behind it?
You're not--!
They were Hidden Stone shinobi.
To make an accusation like that,
I presume you have some
pretty solid evidence?
I do. The testimony of the guard
who was attacked.
I find it really hard to
believe.
Listen to me,
The trackers we sent out are
just about to reach the border
of the Land of Earth.
I need a favor.
Let our shinobi into your
territory so they can
investigate.
No. Sorry, but I can't allow
that.
(Naruto) (gasp) Hey look-!
(Kurotsuchi) I can't arbitrarily
give you permission. You're
Hokage. You understand, right?
(Naruto) (sigh) Yeah...
If it's all as you say, once
the shinobi who did this
enter our land...
we'll capture them.
Of course, we'll seize your
genin, too. And we'll notify
you right away.
(Naruto) Okay. Now... I have one
more favor to ask.
What's that?
(Naruto) Well, you see... Boruto
and Sarada are pursuing the
genin...
And they should be heading your
way.
Man, that kid's hopeless, isn't
he?
Yeah. Fine. If we find them,
we'll take them into custody,
too.
And then send them back to
the Leaf.
I'm sorry to trouble you.
(Kurotsuchi) First, we'll do our
own thorough investigation into
these shinobi...
...and see if they truly are
from the Hidden Stone.
Depending on what we find,
we'll then consider authorizing
entry for your shinobi.
(Naruto) I'm counting on you,
Kurotsuchi.
Well, I'll do all that I can...
(Naruto) You're a lifesaver...
Lady Tsuchikage?
[sigh]
So, what's the story?
Officially, nothing happened at
all...
Well... it seems all we can do
is leave it in her hands for
now.
[groans]
What's up?
I can't make contact.
Again?
I wonder what could be going
on...
[gasps]
Hey!
Damn it! Keep your guard up!
Yes, sir!
[growls]
[grunts]
[fighting]
Huh? [gasps]
What are these things?!
I have no idea!
[screams]
Stop! No!
[grunt]
Wait!
Uh! What is that weird thing?!
This is--!
Hey, that's Mitsuki's-!
What's going on?!
[gasp]
No way! I won't let you have it!
I've seen it before. It's
like...
the thing that attacked
Mitsuki's snake near the Aun
Gate.
I don't completely understand
what's going on here...
How can something like that even
move?
Hold on... if you saw the same
thing in the Hidden Leaf
Village, then...
Then this thing is connected to
Mitsuki and the Hidden Stone
shinobi.
It means they passed
through this way.
And if the one we just found was
all smashed up like that...
What...?
Maybe it fought with Mitsuki!
[gasps]
Let's hurry!
Something wrong?
Pursuers.
Huh?
Take him and go on ahead. I'll
manage with the Akuta.
But...
Just remember: you can't trust
him.
It's fine, just go.
[sighs]
[attacking]
[fighting]
Hey! Let go of him!
[grunts]
It appears that I'm not trusted,
after all.
Kokuyou's just the suspicious
type.
But I'm...
You're what?
Nothing. Let's hurry.
[gasps]
Mitsuki?!
Wait!
Hold up, Boruto!
This is...
What happened here?!
(KOKUYOU) Children?
[gasps]
Are you trackers, too?
[grunts]
(SHIKADAI) Who is this guy?
Did he seriously beat all those
shinobi at their own game?
(SARADA) Be careful, you two.
He's clearly a fierce enemy.
(BORUTO) Yeah? Well, so what?
Mitsuki's just up ahead! I'm not
gonna get held up here!
Next time on Boruto Naruto Next
Generations: "Reunion with
Mitsuki"
(BORUTO) I'll tear through
anyone who gets in my way!
I will get to Mitsuki, no
matter what!